Update and publish official Grafana Dashboard (#9493)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/observability/metrics/overview.md

- [Prometheus](./prometheus.md)
- [StatsD](./statsd.md)

> TraefikLabs provides official Grafana dashboard for [Standalone](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17346) or [Kubernetes](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17347) deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traefik Proxy hosts an official Grafana dashboard for both [on-premise](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17346) and [Kubernetes](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/17347) deployments.
```
